Make HUD and menus universal resolution

Finish battling system
	DONE

add config item to Player Spawning 
	item to allow blocked model spawning, and no blocking big props

im pretty sure if a superadmin changes a setting 
	when another superadmin isnt on server
	and then said superadmin joins, it will show the unchanged setting as before.

	fix
			FIXED
			

make people with longer names use smaller fonts

	DONE.
	
fix prop blocking spawn.. wtf
	fixed ?? ?
	
	FIXED.
	
~~apparenlty~~ sometimes peoples xrays swap colors ONLY ON MY SERVER
	
	
if a player joins when a battle is in progress it wont show the hud
	FIXED
	
	NOT ACTUALLY FIXED??
	
	FIXED.
	
with latest update it showed 1 hour timer for me, but it was actually 2 minutes for battlers ??
	fight apparently didnt even end when it reached 00:00
	
	FIXED

make battling hud smaller, it is very intrusive
	about half as small
		ALTERNATIVELY
			replace the hostname of scoreboard with the entire battling scores
			when you press tab of course


			DONE
			
Fix scoreboard showing long names

	FIXED

Fix killstreaks not updating to longest !
	
	FIXED
	
Add a menu to show fight results, like in my previous gamemode
	
	DONE

figure out why statistics breaks

add some sounds for more ~immersion~ -- Eagle

Add light effects when two props collide -- Eagle

If a player leaves the server when in fight they will lose
	but they don't actually ~lose~
		as in they don't have it saved that they lost.
		SO FIX IT
		
When a player first dies, they usually try spawning a prop
	but this results in like, spam! of the "you must be alive to spawn props"
	so make it check if the player hasnt died in the last 0.5 before showing it
	
		done
	
Design fix for top props

		done
		
send blocked models to all clients on spawn
	in spawn menu add a "BLOCKED" text to the model if its blocked
	yas
	
add a module that overrides Player.UniqueID (cache results)
	its expensive.
	
override string.len and # for text displaying
with utf8.len
	
	this will fix wrong sizes for people with unicode names as they dont return tright size with "#" operator