instead of "Time Limit" (which is a bitch to implement or something, idk it hasnt been done yet!)
	do.. "Prop Limit" for the battling, minimum 1 prop, maximum 5
		
		DONE

have a checkbox toggle for a  "fun" fight
	DONE
	
record how long it took the fight to finish
	DONE
	
	
add pause for players in fight
	each player gets 3 pauses per fight, pause lasts 20 seconds
	during pause nobody can spawn props
	
			DONE
	
if a player d/c (potential game crash or internet connection loss) during a fight
	within 3 minutes, let them resume their fight

headsmash bonus shist!! like flyby and longshot!!

	DONE
	
add a button in fight menu for "Advanced Options"
	opens menu for things like
	
	fun fight
	prop dormancy: on/off
	player dormancy: on/off
	
	
		DONE
		
for players that let time run out,
	check if like 3 mins in fight they have less than 2 kills each
	
	DONE
	
NOW that above is done ^^^,
	make it a random time so they dont just start fighting at like 2mintues 24 seconds
	so it could be at 3 minute mark
	or something...
	
players that are restricted by time limit can reset it by disconnecting and reconnecting
FIX IT
		DONE
	
VOTES for dormancy total turned off for 10 minutes at a time
	PARTIALLY DONE NEEDS REDONE? 11/17/2015
	
	MORE IDEAS TO COME ?
	
	
a !resetmystats command, resets the player's saved kills and deaths along wiht anything else
	can only use once they get 100 kills
	
		DONE
	
add seperate tab showing server statistics
	d:		total suicides
	d:		total kills
	d:		highest killstreak
	d:		total amount of players joined
	total amount of players banned
	d:		total props spawned
	highest velocity reached
	velocity reached this session
	d:		longest deathstreak
	d:		total messages sent
	longest time in air
	d:		total fights
	d:		total longshots
	d:		total flyby's
	d:		total headsmashes
	
	in the display, show total kills, total suicides, total deaths minus suicides ?? 
	
	player with most bans ?
	player with most messages sent ?
	player with highest props total spawned ?
	
	
have the bots record fights and have ability to replay the fights later on with them	
	
	
	

for SANDOBX SERVER:
	have a dedicated spot in skybox for builders:
		anti noclip surrinding the "gm_spawn models/hunter/plates/plate32x32.mdl"
		, players can invite one other person to be in there with them

		if they abuse it like fuck with others while in trusted position, they get keys rebinded

	have players claim they can crash server with button?
	if it succeeds, they get a hat from pointshop. to show all that they can crash a server. yipee

	have a 3d2d text over peoples heads showing if they have godmode or not
	
	have 2 modes - peace mode and war mode
		peace has lower chance of losing godmode by chance
			cant spawn great npcs
			cant spawn flying npcs ( helis, dropships )
			
		war has the same chance as before of losing godmode
			can dothe regular shit
			
		each mode lasts 30 minutes
		
	
	instead of those 2 modes:
		
		
	have a mazelike structure in skybox (made with unbreakable wooden crates)
		players may opt in at any time but there has to be at least 2 (3?) to participate
		and max of 4 players (they all start at a seperate corner)
			there will be scoreboard for all players attending
				first person to 3 kills (5 if there's 4 players)  ?
				OR
				last man standing
				
				OR 
				have server advertise which one its doing at the moment
	
	
	add command for players to freeze their props spawned
		( for cool physics effects ? )
	
	add the player team push thing from old wolfet gamemode
	
		to build onto that:
			have a bar that goes up and down similar to golfing apps
				? maybe ^^^
			charges up the push but you have to hold it
			downsides?
				i guess you cant use any other weapon
			possibility 1/10 to overextend your arms and cause you to die.
	when someone spam deletes a lot of someones props
		notify that player who's doing it, as well as their ip ;)
		
	add the module willox was working on to walk on walls literately ?
	
	have a minigame where players get to opt into a fight, they are placed inskybox as a sort of spectator, they become
	sort of like DOTA players / civ5 kind of shit.. other players cannot enter skybox
	
	add spiderman swep